# User Manual
## Intended Users
The intended users for this project are farmers’ market vendors and farmers’ market consumers, including community members, friends, and family. 
## Purpose of FinderFM for stakeholders
For farmers’ market vendors all the information pertaining to their market is included in the PG County API. This includes products, days of availability, types of payment accepted, etc. All vendors have to do is make sure that the information that is included in the API is correct and to correct it if needed. 
For farmers’ market patrons, they are able to use the website to fetch information from the API, which the website then displays for them to view. They are able to choose between multiple filter methods, such as the days of the week and payment method. 
## Usage Details
For farmers’ market patrons there are four tabs within the website “Home”, “About Us”, “Find a Farmers Market”, and “Documentation”. Clicking on any tab will take you to the respective page. The “Home” page has a “Learn More” button, which you can click to take you to the “About Us” page and it features three farmers’ markets at the bottom of the page. When you click on the “About Us” page, it takes you to our mission statement, where you can read about our goals and meet our team members. To use the “Find a Farmers Market” page, you check the boxes that you want to filter by. For example, if you only want farmers’ markets that have flowers, you check the box to the left of “Flowers”. However, if you want a farmers’ market that has flowers and takes credit card as a form of payment, you check both the box to the left of “Flowers” and the box to the left of “Credit Card”. Finally, when you click on the “Documentation” page, it takes you to where we list the team members again, and cite the API that the data is fetched from. 
